Welcome back, everyone.
Before I move on to the solution for a book 3.2.
I just want to tell you that I just finished editing workbook 3.1 and I noticed that I had mindlessly
made these public.
They should be private and just want to apologize for doing that.
But I am human too.
Sometimes I make mistakes and in this case it just was not worth the rerecording and re editing a 22
minute video just for that.
That would take a very, very long time.
So forgive me, I did update your solution code, so not to worry.
But anyways, enough of that.
Let's move on to Workbook 3.2.
This one is going to focus on cross field validation.
So if you look at each field individually, the client may enter valid data in the sense that, yes,
this is not blank, this does have a minimum size of two characters, so does the last name.
But from a cross field point of view, if you were to compare both of these values together, the user
is not taking the submission process seriously.
What we're going to do is compare the last name against the first name.
If they happen to be equal, we're going to reject the last name field and by doing so, our binding
result is going to end up carrying an error for that field.
And the third argument is where we can specify that error message that finally, if is going to eventually
display, all right, let's do just that.
We'll go to handle submit.
So by this point, let's say our client entered a valid data for each individual field.
We still want to perform a check right after.
That compares the first name against the last name.
And if it so happens that the first name equals the last name, they're clearly not taking the process
seriously.
So we're going to actually reject the last name.
The field we're going to reject is the last name.
The error code.
I always just leave it blank.
No need for this argument.
And the message that file MIF is going to display will be what was it?
Please enter valid data.
OC.
So this is going to add another error to our binding result.
That error is going to be associated with the last name, and that same error will have the following
message by the time we return, sign up Ethereum Leaf will have access to all the data inside the binding
result and it will display the error that's associated with the last name of our user object so we can
go ahead and run our code.
We'll go over to local host 8080.
We'll say Arthur.
We'll say Arthur again.
Everything else is going to be valid.
Um.
Give them a random birthday.
That's in the past.
Beautiful.
Please enter a valid.
Did I.
I'm really making a lot of silly mistakes these days.
Error message should be please enter valid data.
All right, much better.
See you in Workbook 3.3.